New Python Solution December 2019 Bronze P2 (#1342)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/USACO feb18-teleportation.mdx

---
id: usaco-807
source: USACO Bronze 2018 February
title: Teleportation
author: Ananth Kashyap
---

[Official Analysis](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_teleport_bronze_feb18.html)

## Implementation

**Time Complexity:** $\mathcal{O}(1)$

<LanguageSection>

<PySection>

```python

> # Take in data using Python file i/o system

Reviewer: use tabs to indent

file_in = open('teleport.in')
data = file_in.read().strip().split('\n')
a, b, x, y = map(int, data[0].split(' '))

> # Manually sort a, b to be increasing order

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Swap a and b if a > b
```

Reviewer: this is essentially literally what the code is doing; if you're going to change it to this, you might as well not have the comment at all (since people can tell from the code)

Reviewer 3: I agree w maggie. It's fine as is.

if a > b:
	a, b = b, a

> # Manually sort x, y to be increasing order

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Swap x and y if x > y
```

Reviewer: same comment as above

Reviewer 3: Same as above; fine as is

if x > y:
	x, y = y, x

> # Set base distance as distance needed to travel without using teleporter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The base distance is abs (a - b)
```

Reviewer: same as above, this comment isn't that helpful

Reviewer 3: Yea, fine as is as well.

base_distance = abs(a - b)

> # Set teleporter distance to be the minimal travel distance using teleporter
> # He must go from a to x as otherwise, the teleporter would move him backwards
> # He must then move from point y to point b

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The teleporter distance is the minimal travel distance using a teleporter, which is the sum of the abs(a - x) and abs(b - y)
```

Reviewer: make sure that the lines are less than or equal to 80 characters; breaking the line at the comma would probably work

Reviewer 3: Feels a bit excessive (again it's just comments, not a full solution writeup)

Possibly
```suggestion
# Set teleporter distance to be the travel distance using the teleporter
```
suffices

teleporter_distance = abs(a - x) + abs(b - y)

> # The answer is the smaller of the two distances

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The answer is the minimum of the teleporter distance and the base distance
```

ans = min(teleporter_distance, base_distance)

# Output the answer using Python file i/o system

> print(ans, file=open('teleport.out', 'w'))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
print(ans, file = open('teleport.out', 'w'))
```

---
id: usaco-807
source: USACO Bronze 2018 February
title: Teleportation
author: Ananth Kashyap
---

[Official Analysis](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_teleport_bronze_feb18.html)

## Implementation

**Time Complexity:** $\mathcal{O}(1)$

<LanguageSection>

<PySection>

```python
# Take in data using Python file i/o system
file_in = open('teleport.in')
data = file_in.read().strip().split('\n')

> [a, b, x, y] = list(map(int, data[0].split(' ')))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a, b, x, y = map(int, data[0].split(' '))
```

# Manually sort a, b to be increasing order
if a > b:
    a, b = b, a

# Manually sort x, y to be increasing order
if x > y:
    x, y = y, x

# Set base distance as distance needed to travel without using teleporter
base_distance = abs(a - b)

# Set teleporter distance to be the minimal travel distance using teleporter
# He must go from a to x as otherwise, the teleporter would move him backwards
# He must then move from point y to point b
teleporter_distance = abs(a - x) + abs(b - y)

# The answer is the smaller of the two distances

> if base_distance >= teleporter_distance:
>     ans = teleporter_distance
> else:
>     ans = base_distance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ans = min(teleporter_distance, base_distance)
```
